HACKING.rst: change contact info to Rick Harding (#359)
canonical/cloud-init: HACKING.rst

    * ensure that you fill in the GitHub username field.
    * when prompted for 'Project contact' or 'Canonical Project
      Manager', enter 'Rick Harding'.

  * If your company has signed the CLA for you, please contact us to
    help in verifying which Launchpad/GitHub accounts are associated
    with the company.

  * For any questions or help with the process, please email `Rick
    Harding <mailto:rick.harding@canonical.com>`_ with the subject,
    "Cloud-Init CLA"

>   * You also may contact user ``rharper`` in the ``#cloud-init``

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * You also may contact user ``rick_h`` in the ``#cloud-init``
```
